# RXCollections

Folds, maps, filters, and detects for Cocoa collections (including your own), with as little chaff as possible.

In short:

	#import "RXCollections.h"
	
	…
	RXMap(people, nil, ^(Pal *each) { return each.phoneNumber; });
	
	RXFilter(ungulates, nil, ^(id<Ungulate> each) { return each.stomachCount == 4; });
	
	RXFold(chunksOfText, @"", ^(NSString *full, NSString *each) { return [full stringByAppendingString:each]; });
	
	RXDetect(scientists, ^(Scientist *each) { return [each.name isEqualToString:@"Richard Feynman"]; });

## Collections that can be created

Maps and filters take a second argument, a collection into which to place their results. This can be a set or an array currently, and if you pass nil, `RXMap` and `RXFilter` will build a collection of the same type as the collection being mapped or filtered.

## Collections that can be traversed

`RXFold` and `RXDetect` can traverse anything conforming to `NSFastEnumeration` (which includes, among other things, `NSEnumerator` and `NSManagedObjectModel`). `RXMap` and `RXFilter`’s extra logic for building a collection of the same type as their subject requires these collections to conform to the `RXCollection` protocol.

## Notes

- More documentation is available in `RXCollections.h`.

- The included Xcode target compiles a static archive, but there’s no real need to use it; you can just link `RXCollections.m` in directly and `#import "RXCollections.h"`. This approach may reduce the barrier to use.

- All Objective-C objects descending from `NSObject` now conform to `NSFastEnumeration`, simply returning themselves if they do not otherwise implement it. This is to be considered experimental and likely unwise.

## Future

- Pairs, for constructing dictionaries (among other things).

- [Zip](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convolution_(computer_science)).
